Adress requested documentation changes (#250)
nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint: docs/usage/parameters.md

The following parameters are currently available:

## Output Files

- **`traceFile`**  
  Name of the `.txt` carbon footprint report containing the energy consumption, estimated CO₂ emission, and other relevant metrics for each task.  
  **Default**: `co2footprint_trace_<timestamp>.txt`

- **`summaryFile`**  
  Name of the `.txt` carbon footprint summary file containing the total energy consumption and total estimated CO₂ emission of the pipeline run.  
  **Default**: `co2footprint_summary_<timestamp>.txt`

- **`reportFile`**  
  Name of the HTML report containing information about the entire carbon footprint, overview plots, and more detailed task-specific metrics.  
  **Default**: `co2footprint_report_<timestamp>.html`

## Location & Carbon Intensity

- **`location`**  

>   Zone code for the location where computations are run. Find your `zone code` on the [Electricity Maps zones overview](https://portal.electricitymaps.com/docs/getting-started#zonesoverview). It has to match one of those defined there to be used within the plugin, otherwise it will be set to `null`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Zone code for the geographical location of the computing machine. Find your `zone code` on the [Electricity Maps zones overview](https://portal.electricitymaps.com/docs/getting-started#zonesoverview). If the provided code does not match one of the defined, it will be set to `null`, resulting in a fallback to the worldwide default value.  
```

  **Default**: `null`

- **`emApiKey`**  
  Your Electricity Maps API token.  
  Register in the [developer portal](https://portal.electricitymaps.com), then create a Nextflow secret with the name `EM_API_KEY` for your API key using:  
  `nextflow secrets set EM_API_KEY "paste_api_key_here"`. Then, set the config parameter to `secrets.EM_API_KEY`.  
  **Default**: `null`
  
- **`ci`**  
  Location-based carbon intensity (CI). Set this parameter only if you know the CI for your location and prefer not to use the Electricity Maps API. However, using the API is recommended to retrieve real-time data for more accurate calculations.  
  **Default**:  `null`

- **`ciMarket`**  
  This parameter can be added to account for individual differences in the energy mix that is used for computation. It is strongly recommended to read the [Accounting for a personal energy mix](configuration.md#accounting-for-a-personal-energy-mix)
  section beforehand. This parameter does not replace the location-based CI, but adds another value to the final report.  
  **Default**:  `null`

## Data Center & Machine Settings

- **`pue`**  

>   Power usage effectiveness (PUE) of the data centre. For local cluster you can usually find out your specific PUE at the system administrators or system managers. Also, the current [yearly worldwide average](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1229367/data-center-average-annual-pue-worldwide/) could be used. The plugin uses provider-specific default PUE values for supported cloud platforms if the respective executor is registered by Nextflow. You can find these values in the [executor PUE mapping file](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint/blob/master/plugins/nf-co2footprint/src/resources/executor_machine_pue_mapping.csv).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Power usage effectiveness (PUE) of the data centre. For local cluster you can usually find out your specific PUE from the system administrators or system managers. Also, the current [yearly worldwide average](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1229367/data-center-average-annual-pue-worldwide/) could be used. The plugin uses provider-specific default PUE values for supported cloud platforms if the respective executor is registered by Nextflow. You can find these values in the [executor PUE mapping file](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint/blob/master/plugins/nf-co2footprint/src/resources/executor_machine_pue_mapping.csv).  
```
